{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Death Note Fonts Pack 
\i\b compiled
\i0\b0  for desunoto.com\
\

\i Installation
\i0 \
\
For Windows 7 / Vista users:\
- Right-click the font file(s) and choose "Install".\
\
For users of the previous Windows versions:\
- Copy the included file(s) into the default Windows font folder ( this is usually C:\\WINDOWS\\FONTS or C:\\WINNT\\FONTS)\
\
For Mac users:\
\
Mac OS X 10.3 or above (including the FontBook)\
- Double-click the font file and click the "Install font" button at the bottom of the preview.\
\
Mac OS X\
- Either copy the font file(s) to /Library/Fonts (for all users), or to /Users/Your_username/Library/Fonts (for you only).\
\
Mac OS 9 or earlier\
- Convert the font file(s) you have downloaded. \
  Drag the font suitcases into the System folder. The system will suggest you to add them to the Fonts folder.\
\
For Linux users:\
- Copy the font file(s) to /USR/SHARE/FONTS\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf2 Disclaimer\uc0\u8232 Death Note remains copyright of Tsugumi Ohba, Takeshi Obata, Shueisha Jump & Entertainment and Viz. Desunoto.com is a fan-site and contains information for educational purposes only. By viewing and downloading these fonts from desunoto.com you agree that you already legally own any original sources quoted. 
\b All media remains copyrighted to their respective owners
\b0 . This includes original texts, photography and imaging. Desunoto.com is not responsible for any illegal use of it\'92s content outside of desunoto.com. If you spot any copyright violations you should report it for removal. In order to use these fonts, you must understand and agree to the above terms.}